Our clothes are expensive.
Not all little beggars can wear it
Our little dick clothes are shabby
But it's clean
Why did you get your clothes dirty?
Apologize for what?
Our clothes
It's not that anyone can buy it, what's the matter?
Comrade Zhou, why are you here?
Boss, these two are here to make trouble.
If you don't buy it, you have to try it.
And I had a word with him.
Still humming with me
I don't buy clothes anymore
Dad walks home
Boss Zhao, I brought my child to buy clothes.
Your employees hate it when they're dirty.
Since you dislike
Then you also dislike the pork in our farm, right?
This is the end of our partnership.
Comrade Zhou, where are you talking?
The pork from your pig farm is discounted and delicious.
How can you not cooperate?
Hurry up and apologize
Yeah, sorry.
I'll get the clothes for the kids to try on now
Now we're old and dirty.
We have the money to buy it.
If only stepmothers could stay this good
Wow
Don't drop two circles.
Oh, it's too serious.
Yeah!
Hey, another one.
Brother, what are you doing?
I've bought my tickets, come and play with me
Miss thinking
Let me see him getting close to the old man
I will dream with him